summer in the city of arendelle
it couldn't be warmer it couldn't be
sunnier but that's about to change
forever arendelle it's completely frozen
a real howler in July yeah the land is
covered in eternal snow if we don't do
something soon we'll all freeze to death
you want to talk about a problem I sell
ice for a living oh that's a rough
business to be in right now I mean that
is really mmm that's unfortunate my lady
this is awkward not your awkward but
just because we're I'm awkward you're
gorgeous
wait what hi everyone I'm Olaf hi you're
creepy well I don't want whoa right we
got off to a bad start I know how to
stop this winter yeah hang on I like
that whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa get
your feet down this is fresh lacquer
seriously were you raised in a barn man
mad
are you okay I've got a thick skull I
don't have a skull my sister that would
have been nice to know hey it is not
nice tuck the routes no people over lo
feisty-pants
let the Snowman me and calm great oh
you're melting some people are worth
melting for they're just really not
right this second
faster
my legs I can't get my legs those are my
legs
oh hey do me a favor grab my butt hey oh
that feels better